<p align='justify'>Ma, Jie <a href='https://gr.xjtu.edu.cn/zh/web/jiema' style="text-decoration: none;">(马 杰)</a> is an Associate Professor at the Faculty of Electronic and Information Engineering, Xi’an Jiaotong University, and a member of the MOE Key Laboratory of Intelligent Networks and Network Security (KLINNS). He received joint Ph.D. training at the National University of Singapore from April 2021 to April 2022 and earned his Ph.D. from Xi’an Jiaotong University in July 2022. His research focuses on multimodal data mining and content understanding, natural language processing, and intelligent education, with particular emphasis on textbook question answering, reasoning with large models on knowledge graphs, and robust multimodal question answering.</p>

<p align='justify'>Dr. Ma has been recognized by the China Association for Science and Technology and the Shaanxi Association for Science and Technology through their Youth Talent Support Programs. He has led multiple research initiatives, including the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) Youth Project, as well as industry collaborations with China Mobile and other enterprises.</p>

<p align='justify'>He serves as a guest editor for Information Fusion, a leading international journal, and as an area chair for ICML and CCKS. Additionally, he is a member of the IEEE Knowledge Engineering Standards Committee and an executive committee member of several prestigious technical societies, including CCF, CAAI, and CIPS. He has authored over 20 papers in top-tier international journals and conferences such as IEEE TPAMI, IJCV, NeurIPS, and ICML. He is also an active reviewer for esteemed journals like IEEE TIP and TNNLS and serves on the program committees of major conferences, including NeurIPS and ICLR.</p>

<p align='justify'>Dr. Ma has contributed to the development of eight IEEE and group standards and has authored a textbook. His research team developed the Knowledge Forest AR interactive system, which was honored with the "Outstanding Product Award" at the 21st China Hi-Tech Fair. As a dedicated mentor, he guided his students to win a Gold Medal in the 8-th China College Students 'Internet+' Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition, earning the title of Outstanding Innovation and Entrepreneurship Mentor. </p>